README.md, before:

# WooCommerce Discounts Per Payment Method #
**Contributors:** claudiosanches  
**Donate link:** http://claudiosmweb.com/doacoes/  
**Tags:** woocommerce, discount, coupon  
**Requires at least:** 4.0  
**Tested up to:** 4.1  
**Stable tag:** 2.1.3  
**License:** GPLv2 or later  
**License URI:** http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  

Adds discounts on specific payment methods in WooCommerce.

## Description ##

This plugin allows you to add discounts per payment methods.  
Just set a amount (fixed  or %) to the payment methods you want to give discount and is ready!  
At the moment of payment the customer will be notified of discounts for each payment method.

### Contribute ###

You can contribute to the source code in our [GitHub](https://github.com/claudiosmweb/woocommerce-payment-discounts) page.

## Installation ##

* Upload plugin files to your plugins folder, or install using WordPress built-in Add New Plugin installer;
* Activate the plugin;
* Navigate to WooCommerce -> Payment Discounts and fill the options for each payment method.

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

### What is the plugin license? ###

This plugin is released under a GPL license.

### What is needed to use this plugin? ###

[WooCommerce](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/woocommerce/) 2.0 or later.

### The discounts not being applied. How I fix this? ###

This error may be caused by some malfunctioning javascript in your theme. Just fix it!

### Need more help or want to make a suggestion? ###

Create an issue in our [GitHub](https://github.com/claudiosmweb/woocommerce-payment-discounts) page.

## Screenshots ##

### 1. Settings page. ###
![1. Settings page.](http://ps.w.org/woocommerce-discounts-per-payment-method/assets/screenshot-1.png)

### 2. Plugin in action on checkout page. ###
![2. Plugin in action on checkout page.](http://ps.w.org/woocommerce-discounts-per-payment-method/assets/screenshot-2.png)


## Changelog ##

### 2.1.3 - 2015/02/17 ###

* Fixed the plugin update script.

### 2.1.2 - 2015/02/16 ###

* Added the `wc_payment_discounts_apply_discount` filter.

### 2.1.1 - 2015/02/16 ###

* Added support for WooCommerce 2.3.
* Discounts are now applied in the cart contents total, before shipping and taxes.

### 2.0.3 - 2014/02/24 ###

* Added the `wc_payment_discounts_row` filter.

### 2.0.2 - 2014/02/10 ###

* Added de_DE translation by [@chrwald](https://github.com/chrwald).

### 2.0.1 - 2014/01/28 ###

* Fixed a bug that allowed to add the discount in the cart before the customer arrive at the checkout page.

### 2.0.0 - 2014/01/27 ###

* Improved all plugin code.
* Added option to add the discounts without coupons.

### 1.2.0 - 2013/03/18 ###

* Fixed errors in settings page.

### 1.1.0 - 2013/02/16 ###

* Fixed the problem of infinite reload during the checkout. Thanks to Dani Mello for their confidence in me to solve the problem in her site.

### 1.0.0 ###

* Initial Release.

## Upgrade Notice ##

### 2.1.3 ###

* Added support for WooCommerce 2.3.
* Discounts are now applied in the cart contents total, before shipping and taxes.
* Added the `wc_payment_discounts_apply_discount` filter.
* Fixed the plugin update script.

## License ##

WooCommerce Discounts Per Payment Method is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

WooCommerce Discounts Per Payment Method is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with WooCommerce Discounts Per Payment Method. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Added translate section in the readme.txt

README.md, after:

# WooCommerce Discounts Per Payment Method #
**Contributors:** claudiosanches  
**Donate link:** http://claudiosmweb.com/doacoes/  
**Tags:** woocommerce, discount, coupon  
**Requires at least:** 4.0  
**Tested up to:** 4.1  
**Stable tag:** 2.1.3  
**License:** GPLv2 or later  
**License URI:** http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  

Adds discounts on specific payment methods in WooCommerce.

## Description ##

This plugin allows you to add discounts per payment methods.  
Just set a amount (fixed  or %) to the payment methods you want to give discount and is ready!  
At the moment of payment the customer will be notified of discounts for each payment method.

### Translate ###

You can translate this plugin for your language in [Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/woocommerce-discounts-per-payment-method/).

### Contribute ###

You can contribute to the source code in our [GitHub](https://github.com/claudiosmweb/woocommerce-payment-discounts) page.

## Installation ##

* Upload plugin files to your plugins folder, or install using WordPress built-in Add New Plugin installer;
* Activate the plugin;
* Navigate to WooCommerce -> Payment Discounts and fill the options for each payment method.

## Frequently Asked Questions ##

### What is the plugin license? ###

This plugin is released under a GPL license.

### What is needed to use this plugin? ###

[WooCommerce](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/woocommerce/) 2.0 or later.

### The discounts not being applied. How I fix this? ###

This error may be caused by some malfunctioning javascript in your theme. Just fix it!

### Need more help or want to make a suggestion? ###

Create an issue in our [GitHub](https://github.com/claudiosmweb/woocommerce-payment-discounts) page.

## Screenshots ##

### 1. Settings page. ###
![1. Settings page.](http://ps.w.org/woocommerce-discounts-per-payment-method/assets/screenshot-1.png)

### 2. Plugin in action on checkout page. ###
![2. Plugin in action on checkout page.](http://ps.w.org/woocommerce-discounts-per-payment-method/assets/screenshot-2.png)


## Changelog ##

### 2.1.3 - 2015/02/17 ###

* Fixed the plugin update script.

### 2.1.2 - 2015/02/16 ###

* Added the `wc_payment_discounts_apply_discount` filter.

### 2.1.1 - 2015/02/16 ###

* Added support for WooCommerce 2.3.
* Discounts are now applied in the cart contents total, before shipping and taxes.

### 2.0.3 - 2014/02/24 ###

* Added the `wc_payment_discounts_row` filter.

### 2.0.2 - 2014/02/10 ###

* Added de_DE translation by [@chrwald](https://github.com/chrwald).

### 2.0.1 - 2014/01/28 ###

* Fixed a bug that allowed to add the discount in the cart before the customer arrive at the checkout page.

### 2.0.0 - 2014/01/27 ###

* Improved all plugin code.
* Added option to add the discounts without coupons.

### 1.2.0 - 2013/03/18 ###

* Fixed errors in settings page.

### 1.1.0 - 2013/02/16 ###

* Fixed the problem of infinite reload during the checkout. Thanks to Dani Mello for their confidence in me to solve the problem in her site.

### 1.0.0 ###

* Initial Release.

## Upgrade Notice ##

### 2.1.3 ###

* Added support for WooCommerce 2.3.
* Discounts are now applied in the cart contents total, before shipping and taxes.
* Added the `wc_payment_discounts_apply_discount` filter.
* Fixed the plugin update script.

## License ##

WooCommerce Discounts Per Payment Method is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

WooCommerce Discounts Per Payment Method is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with WooCommerce Discounts Per Payment Method. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
